come first video here on the channel
and to the last part of the big province
jawa could convince 18,000 gave resp
and they will all be in this playoff
coated and it is natural
highlights the title seen that is
it is not a player not correctly
high rating or not at least
something worthwhile and i can give you
At least two promise will be
really really cool packs still there
are some pretty cool of unfortunately
stay for sure then check out
the video at first if you
depending on whether penguins pass by on the left
in the video description gives favorable
space at the helm and so on and so forth
trustworthy fast and very very
cheap also like to support
drop by
be past houses or facebook
both in the video description
I would also be linked friend myself
really supports me a lot with and
I have a few questions for you
in this park opening in general is the
the beginning of the almost pack opening week
I have at least until Saturday that is
from today to Friday will come to everyone
every day a fifth video
fourth video in addition
Saturday and Sunday I'll try
probably not succeed but me
try a few of their modes
Your Saturday will be very close
but it could work for it
maybe you can already
very much looking forward to it when I am very
Close is if you like this video too
gossip would or on the
next course, who in this video
maybe 400 500 would make it live
that would be really awesome times out and
of course there was the career
follow the mode or other videos
every Saturday, but from it to
clap to 1 there is then stop
paperlinx and this time will be the whole
be live and I have already
So, some or some expected
you can definitely do it
I look forward to you
keep the video a bit something
I have asked other questions now
So I am really very sorry
very happy but the questions and there comes
first serve and it has nothing at all
I do want to do that once
Also , he would like to know he would be the best player
That was the people who did it quite often
I believe in the comments written
and that's why I'm asking again
in fifa 15 did you pull this into shape
I would be very interested and if
yes which one
and then more importantly the question
who is favorite player in fifa so far
5 10 ultimate team maybe someone the
try to impact had so
could really be very interested
neither favorite goalkeeper inside linebacker
midfielder and striker is bin
I'm really very interested in it
he currently looks relatively critical
So the goalkeeper kay frankly
still give no preference because the
are all shit
that's why it is relatively difficult
i would almost defend it like that
learn castanea tend or possibly
also to come to these two box
strong midfield is very difficult though
I think makiko with me if it were quite
above
and in the storm it's definitely alexandre
lacazette of course are storage and
if, for example , they are very strong
but la gazette is really one
real monster the form I speak
if I will soon see the in
I'll buy it, I'll buy it too
really correct so write
my comments will be interesting and
just as she already notes the comments
ballack from video ballard today a lot
to do that and write me please mine
comments if you because the theory
Believes that you are having a worse one
Recorders are on a worse balance
the year above is just around her in
this basket is 30.10.10 you believe that
to make a worse balance better
packs draws would sometimes me
interested because this theory exists
yes, very long and it really is
sometimes so that one where players
the really crappy balances have so
really shitty records quasi that
one sees where the ronaldo
aim the team of the year last year
for example, so that you write the
maybe she has comments as well
myself already experienced yes that is with
you balance and then have it right
horny player is related to me
fall very interested because I
believe in losing families if
that really works i believe it
but not and if I'm right
we are now at the bakery
arrives that this episode for me
really cool yes we were us
the best player in these days
at least from the end yes of the
last 18 thousand friend and that neymar
who saved 86 poultry if that works
becomes restless course, I also
team I thought and had thought
That was really happy after I was
already excited I did have
usually operated in the evening in bed
and I already had something to do there
hung up and pulled on the nama and
that was pretty long
of course not as good as bale
general I respect relatively high
this year with bale with neymar with rice
and so on and so forth, and also with
some in shape but but took on everyone
fall at the end again a very very
beautiful souvenir is meanwhile faith
I'm still at 250 or something and
Accordingly, very cool, I can
I think got to 170 for sale am
not very sure nevertheless very much
nice in any case and it worked
quite well on how to view it
nasri in this pack together with latina
sorry that china kindly let me
me a little bit very nice
every case
so i can really do it in the end
I complain about this packaging
usually one has the feeling that
warsteiner many youtube
But they do not do that because you know, yes
That's a relatively low chance
Luggage to pull because it is natural
simply many players are the possible
are the ideal such an algorithm it
is usually not at least normally
pushed to ea like this algorithm
is whether there is anything holding the egon the
has to do with the court or something
of course you do not know but we can
as I said your theory times in the
Write comments
and yes, I really can not
complain about this pack is here
the next thing was very cool
was with maher and in the form
same pack yet iker casillas
he either really has a lot left
Worth was really very cool
and unfortunately god I have a downtime
the cashed caught less departure
So is in the evening was still worth it
nevertheless of course worth it
a pretty strong pack that's it
on almost from this park opening
there is still a fekters replaced by
the fiber friend and yes I would like
times of you know old things that I
asked
if you let that too, very much
Of course you can also horny with tobi
drop by the left in the video
description and then we can too
to write in the comments
if you 're upset on the pack left
because I'm trying so im now
month and pack opening day or laptop
to make the week so to speak that you always
so close to the middle of the month once right
a real packaging raushaut
maybe somehow now
few weeks break i need moment
no fakes and enough and so on
Maybe then I will make the topic
traffic again is really big is on
I happen to me anyway
quite safe and we will with
a legend with marko marin first
once again I would like beautiful
thank you for the next time
watch skin in and ciao